---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qos-v1_egress_policy_list Data Source - qos-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qos-v1_egress_policy_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) EgressPolicySpec defines the desired state of EgressPolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) EgressPolicyStatus defines the observed state of EgressPolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `dot1p_rewrite_policy` (Attributes) Dot1pRewritePolicy enables the configuration of rewrite policies for Dot1p values. It includes mappings of forwarding classes to Dot1p values, with options for drop probability-specific overrides within each forwarding class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy))
- `dscp_rewrite_policy` (Attributes) DSCPRewritePolicy enables the configuration of rewrite policies for Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP) values. It includes mappings of forwarding classes to DSCP values, with options for drop probability-specific overrides within each forwarding class.  If a DSCPRewritePolicy is not specified, the DSCP value of the packet is unchanged. If a DSCP policy is specific and ECN is enabled on any of the queues, the DSCP policy will be applied to all ECN capable packets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy))
- `forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping` (Attributes List) Forwarding class to queue mapping policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping))
- `pfc_deadlock_avoidance` (Attributes) Parameters related to avoid a deadlock related to pfc on outgoing interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--pfc_deadlock_avoidance))
- `queue_management` (Attributes List) Queue management policy for egress queues. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dot1p_rewrite_policy`

Optional:

- `dot1p_map` (Attributes List) Map of forwarding classes to PCP values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy--dot1p_map))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy--dot1p_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dot1p_rewrite_policy.dot1p_map`

Optional:

- `drop_probability` (Attributes List) Drop probability specific overrides within the forwarding class (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy--dot1p_map--drop_probability))
- `forwarding_classes` (List of String) The forwarding class matched to apply the rewrite policy
- `pcp_value` (Number) The PCP value to be used for all packets associated with the forwarding class, except those with a drop-probability-specific or profile-specific override

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dot1p_rewrite_policy--dot1p_map--drop_probability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dot1p_rewrite_policy.dot1p_map.drop_probability`

Optional:

- `level` (String) A drop probability level within the forwarding class for which a different remarking is desired
- `pcp_value` (Number) The PCP value to be used for packets associated with the forwarding class and the specific drop probability. This overrides the general PCP value.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dscp_rewrite_policy`

Optional:

- `dscp_map` (Attributes List) Map of forwarding classes to DSCP values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy--dscp_map))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy--dscp_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dscp_rewrite_policy.dscp_map`

Optional:

- `drop_probability` (Attributes List) A drop probability within the forwarding class for which a different remarking is desired. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy--dscp_map--drop_probability))
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP value to be used for all packets associated with the forwarding class, except those with a drop-probability-specific or profile-specific override.
- `forwarding_classes` (List of String) The forwarding class matched to apply the rewrite policy.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--dscp_rewrite_policy--dscp_map--drop_probability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.dscp_rewrite_policy.dscp_map.drop_probability`

Optional:

- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP value to be used for packets associated with the forwarding class and the specific drop probability. This overrides the general DSCP value.
- `level` (String) A drop probability level within the forwarding class for which a different remarking is desired.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping`

Optional:

- `forwarding_classes` (List of String) The forwarding classes to which the mapping applies, these are references to ForwardingClass resources.
- `queue` (String) The queue to which the forwarding classes are mapped, this is a reference to a Queue resource.
- `queue_group` (String) The queue-group name for queue to forwarding class mapping.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--pfc_deadlock_avoidance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.pfc_deadlock_avoidance`

Optional:

- `deadlock_avoidance` (Boolean) Parameters related to avoid a deadlock related to pfc on outgoing interface
- `deadlock_detection_timer` (Number) Number of milliseconds during which outgoing interface is receiving pfc-pause-frames before triggering recovery-timer.
- `deadlock_recovery_timer` (Number) Number of milliseconds during which the pfc-pause-frames will be ignored.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.queue_management`

Optional:

- `queues` (Attributes List) List of queues. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management--queues))
- `slope_policy_weight` (Number) The average queue size is calculated using both the previous average and the current queue size: average = (previous average)(1 - 2^(-n)) + (current size)(2^(-n)), where n is a user-configurable weight factor. A higher n gives more importance to the previous average, smoothing peaks and lows in the queue. Lower n makes the average closer to the current queue size. If this leaf is absent, the default value is used.
- `wred_slop_policies` (Attributes List) Slope policy to apply to the set of queues. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management--wred_slop_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management--queues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.queue_management.queues`

Optional:

- `committed_burst_size` (Number) Committed Burst Size.
- `maximum_burst_size` (Number) Maximum amount of shared buffer memory available to the queue in bytes.
- `pfc_pause_frame_priority` (Number) The pfc-priority received in pfc-pause-frame.
- `queue` (String) Reference to a Queue resource.
- `scheduler_peak_rate_percent` (Number) The peak rate percent used by the scheduler for the queue.
- `scheduler_priority_level` (Number) The priority level at this Port Scheduler Policy.
- `scheduler_weight` (Number) The weight factor used for the WRR scheduler. If any of the queues have a configured weight the set of queues will use a WRR scheduler and thus all queues must have a weight configured.  If no weights are set then the queues are scheduled in strict priority from lowest to higher queue ID.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--queue_management--wred_slop_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.queue_management.wred_slop_policies`

Optional:

- `drop` (Boolean) When set to true, and if the ECN field in the packet indicates that the endpoints are not ECN-capable, and the WRED algorithm determines that the packet should be dropped based on the drop probability, the packet will be dropped
- `drop_probability` (String)
- `ecn` (Boolean) When set to true and the queue length is between the thresholds and the ECN field indicates ECN-capable endpoints, the CE bits are set to 1, and the packet is transmitted based on WRED. If false, such packets are discarded.
- `max_drop_probability_percent` (Number) If the queue depth is between min and max threshold then this the probability with which packets are dropped or marked.
- `max_threshold` (Number) The maximum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in bytes. When the average queue length exceeds the max value, all packets are dropped (or marked if ECN is enabled). Mutually exclusive with min-threshold-percent and max-threshold-percent.
- `max_threshold_percent` (Number) The maximum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in percent. When the average queue length exceeds the max value, all packets are dropped (or marked if ECN is enabled). Mutually exclusive with min-threshold and max-threshold.
- `min_threshold` (Number) The minimum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in bytes. When the average queue length is less than min, all packets are admitted to the queue. Mututally exclusive with min-threshold-percent and max-threshold-percent.
- `min_threshold_percent` (Number) The minimum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in percent. When the average queue length is less than min, all packets are admitted to the queue. Mutually exclusive with min-threshold and max-threshold.
- `traffic_type` (String) The traffic type to which the WRED slope applies.




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
