---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qos-v1_policy_deployment Data Source - qos-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qos-v1_policy_deployment (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the PolicyDeployment
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) PolicyDeploymentSpec defines the desired state of PolicyDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PolicyDeploymentStatus defines the observed state of PolicyDeployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `egress_policy` (String) Specifies an EgressPolicy to deploy on the specified Node.
- `ingress_policy` (String) Specifies the IngressPolicy to deploy on the specified Node.
- `interface_selector` (List of String) Specifies a label selector to filter the interfaces on which to deploy the policies.
- `interface_type` (String) Used for platforms that differentiate between access/service interfaces and network interface.  These platforms may require different classifiers depending on whether they are applied on access/service interfaces or network interfaces.  Specifies whether the classifier should be configured as a service Egress classifier or network Egress classifier
- `interfaces` (List of String) Specifies a list of Interfaces on which to deploy the policies.
- `node` (String) Specifies a Node to deploy the policies on.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Specifies a label selector to filter the nodes on which to deploy the policies.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
