---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qos-v1_policy_attachment_list Data Source - qos-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qos-v1_policy_attachment_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) PolicyAttachmentSpec defines the desired state of PolicyAttachment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) PolicyAttachmentStatus defines the observed state of PolicyAttachment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `attachments` (Attributes List) Specifies a list of Interfaces and subinterfaces on which to deploy the policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--attachments))
- `egress_policy` (String) Specifies an EgressPolicy to deploy on the specified Node.
- `ingress_policy` (String) Specifies the IngressPolicy to deploy on the specified Node.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.attachments`

Optional:

- `interface` (String) Specifies the Interface on which to deploy the policies.
- `interface_type` (String) Used for platforms that differentiate between access/service interfaces and network interface.  These platforms may require different classifiers depending on whether they are applied on access/service interfaces or network interfaces.  Specifies whether the classifier should be configured as a service Egress classifier or network Egress classifier
- `sub_interface_index` (Number) Specifies the SubInterfaceIndex on which to deploy the policies.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
