---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qos-v1_queue_list Data Source - qos-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qos-v1_queue_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The Queue resource is used to define the properties of a queue, which can then be referenced by other resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) QueueStatus defines the observed state of Queue (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `queue_id` (Number) The ID of the queue on which to apply the properties.  This is mandatory for usage of queus on SROS and is ignored on other operating systems.
- `queue_type` (String) QueueType specifies whether this is a normal queue or a PFC queue
- `traffic_type` (String) The traffic type of the queue, either unicast or multicast.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
