---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qos-v1_ingress_policy Resource - qos-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qos-v1_ingress_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) IngressPolicySpec defines the desired state of IngressPolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the IngressPolicy
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) IngressPolicyStatus defines the observed state of IngressPolicy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `classifier` (Attributes) Classifier manages the configuration of traffic classification policies in a network. It includes various entry types like IPv4, IPv6, Dot1p, and DSCP policies. Each entry specifies how traffic should be classified and what actions should be taken on the matched packets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier))
- `forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping` (Attributes List) Forwarding class to queue mapping policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping))
- `policers` (Attributes List) Ordered list of policers where the first policer is evaluated first before proceeding to the next. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policers))
- `queue_management` (Attributes List) Queue management policy for egress queues. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--queue_management))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier`

Required:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Specifies the list of filter entries, in order.
A classifier containing multiple entry types may result in multiple classifiers being created on the target node.
IPV4 and IPV6 entries will create multifield classifier policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries`

Optional:

- `dot1p_policy_entry` (Attributes) A Dot1p policy entry - only a single Dot1p entry is allowed per classifier resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dot1p_policy_entry))
- `dscp_policy_entry` (Attributes) A DSCP policy entry - only a single DSCP entry is allowed per classifier resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dscp_policy_entry))
- `ip_entry` (Attributes) An IPv4 or IPv6 multifield classifier entry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--ip_entry))
- `type` (String) Type of the entry which can be IPV4, IPV6, Dot1pPolicy, DSCPPolicy, or Auto.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dot1p_policy_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.dot1p_policy_entry`

Required:

- `pcp_values` (Attributes List) List of PCP values or ranges used to match packets to classify into Forwarding Classes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dot1p_policy_entry--pcp_values))

Optional:

- `direct_to_pfcqueue` (Boolean) In addition to creating a Dot1p PCP value to Forwarding Class mapping, this will map the PCP values directly to the PFC queue specified in the Forwarding Class to Queue mapping.
- `drop_probability_level` (String) Assign matching packets to the specified drop probability level.
- `forwarding_class` (String) Reference to a ForwardingClass resource to which the value is mapped.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dot1p_policy_entry--pcp_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.dot1p_policy_entry.pcp_values`

Required:

- `value` (Number) Single PCP value or start of range.

Optional:

- `range_end` (Number) Optional end of PCP range (inclusive) which would start from the Value to the RangeEnd.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dscp_policy_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.dscp_policy_entry`

Required:

- `dscp_values` (Attributes List) List of DSCP values or ranges used to match packets to classify into Forwarding Classes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dscp_policy_entry--dscp_values))

Optional:

- `drop_probability_level` (String) Assign matching packets to the specified drop probability level.
- `forwarding_class` (String) Reference to a ForwardingClass resource to which the value is mapped.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--dscp_policy_entry--dscp_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.dscp_policy_entry.dscp_values`

Required:

- `value` (Number) Single DSCP value or start of range.

Optional:

- `range_end` (Number) Optional end of DSCP range (inclusive) which would start from the Value to the RangeEnd.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--ip_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.ip_entry`

Required:

- `action` (Attributes) An action to take on the matched packets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--ip_entry--action))

Optional:

- `destination_port_name` (String) Destination port to match by name.
- `destination_port_number` (Number) Destination port to match by numerical value.
- `destination_port_operator` (String) Operator to use when matching destinationPort, either Equals, GreaterOrEquals, or LessOrEquals.
- `destination_port_range` (String) Range of destination ports to match, in the format n-m, e.g. 100-200,  The start and end of the range must be port numbers.
- `destination_prefix` (String) Destination prefix to match.
- `first_fragment` (Boolean) Match the first fragment only.
- `fragment` (Boolean) Match any fragment.
- `icmp_code` (List of Number) Match a specific ICMP code, as a number between 0-255, e.g. 0.
- `icmp_type_name` (String) Match a specific ICMP type by name, e.g. dest-unreachable.
- `icmp_type_number` (Number) Match a specific ICMP type by number.
- `protocol_name` (String) Match a specific IP protocol name (specified in the type field of the IP header).
- `protocol_number` (Number) Match a specific IP protocol number (specified in the type field of the IP header).
- `source_port_name` (String) Source port to match by name.
- `source_port_number` (Number) Source port to match by numerical value.
- `source_port_operator` (String) Operator to use when matching sourcePort, either Equals, GreaterOrEquals, or LessOrEquals.
- `source_port_range` (String) Range of source ports to match, in the format n-m, e.g. 100-200.  The start and end of the range must be port numbers.
- `source_prefix` (String) Source prefix to match.
- `tcp_flags` (String) Match TCP flags, usable with !, &, | and the flags RST, SYN, and ACK.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--classifier--entries--ip_entry--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.classifier.entries.ip_entry.action`

Optional:

- `drop_probability_level` (String) Assign matching packets to the specified drop probability level.
- `dscp_rewrite_value` (Number) Rewrite actions associated with packets that match the classifier entry.
- `forwarding_class` (String) Reference to a ForwardingClass resource to which the value is mapped.





<a id="nestedatt--spec--forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.forwarding_class_to_queue_mapping`

Required:

- `forwarding_classes` (List of String) The forwarding classes to which the mapping applies, these are references to ForwardingClass resources.
- `queue` (String) The queue to which the forwarding classes are mapped, this is a reference to a Queue resource.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policers`

Optional:

- `committed_burst_size` (Number) Maximum CIR bucket depth in bytes.
- `committed_rate` (Number) The committed information rate (CIR) of the policer, defined in kilobits (1024 bits) per second.
- `committed_rate_percent` (Number) The committed information rate (CIR) of the policer, defined as a percentage of the Interface speed on which it is applied.
- `exceed_action` (Attributes) Applies a drop-probability to packets that the policer has determined are exceeding (yellow). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policers--exceed_action))
- `forwarding_classes` (Attributes List) The list of forwarding classes with traffic to be sent to the policer.  Unless specified all traffic is matched for this policer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policers--forwarding_classes))
- `maximum_burst_size` (Number) Maximum PIR bucket depth in bytes.
- `min_interface_speed` (Number) Minimum interface speed (kbps) to calculate PeakRate and CommittedRate for devices where configuration is not supported in percentage.
- `peak_rate` (Number) The peak information rate (PIR) of the policer, defined in kilobits (1024 bits) per second.
- `peak_rate_percent` (Number) The peak information rate (PIR) of the policer, defined as a percentage of the Interface speed on which it is applied.
- `violate_action` (Attributes) Applies a drop-probability to packets that the policer has determined are exceeding (red). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--policers--violate_action))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--policers--exceed_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policers.exceed_action`

Optional:

- `drop_probability_level` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policers--forwarding_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policers.forwarding_classes`

Required:

- `forwarding_types` (List of String)

Optional:

- `forwarding_classes` (List of String) The forwarding class of the packets on which to apply the Policer.  To match all traffic set this to 'ALL'.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--policers--violate_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.policers.violate_action`

Optional:

- `drop_probability_level` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--spec--queue_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.queue_management`

Required:

- `queues` (Attributes List) List of queues. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--queue_management--queues))

Optional:

- `pfc_reserved_buffer_percent` (Number) Percentage of the linecard buffer reserved for accomodating incoming traffic while upstream node reacts to generated PFC-pause frames. Note: this percentage must be common across all EgressPolicies and QueuesSets used on the same linecard.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--queue_management--queues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.queue_management.queues`

Required:

- `queue` (String) Reference to a Queue resource.

Optional:

- `committed_burst_size` (Number) Committed Burst Size.
- `maximum_burst_size` (Number) Maximum amount of shared buffer memory available to the queue in bytes.
- `pfc_off_threshold` (Number) PFC off threshold.
- `pfc_on_threshold` (Number) PFC on threshold.
- `pfc_pause_frame_priority` (Number) PFC priorities indicated in generated pfc-pause-frame if congestion occurs in a given pfc-queue.
- `pfc_reserved_share_buffer_percent` (Number) Maximum level the pfc-queue can take from pfc-reserved buffer configured per given forwarding-complex.




<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
